h1. CD To Root

h2. What?

This is an easy way to cd to the root of your project. I found that I frequently was typing things like <code>cd ../../..</code> after delving into my project and wanting to get back to the root. 

Currently, a project root is a directory with a <code>.git/</code> directory in it or a <code>.this_is_root</code> file, but I'd like to make it more comprehensive soon.

h2. Usage

At a command line, run:

<pre><code>$ a</code></pre>

Yep, that's it. Just "a".

h3. Defining Root Directories

In the directory that you want to be identified as a root directory, run:

<pre><code>touch .this_is_root</code></pre>

or create a <code>.this_is_root</code> file in the directory through some other means. Any directory with a <code>.this_is_root</code> file will be considered a root directory even if it lacks a <code>.git/</code> directory. 

h2. Install

Download the root.bash file, and add

<pre><code>source /path/to/root.bash</code></pre>

to your <code>.bashrc</code> file.

h2. Future, Bugs, Etc

h3. Future

As I said above, I want to make the definition of a root directory better. I implemented the </code>.this_is_root</code> files to manually set it, but I want to come up with a few more ways to automatically detect a lot of cases. If you have an idea of a good general case, either file an issue or fork it, implement it, and send a pull request. 

Speaking of which, 

h3. Bugs

If you have a bug, feature request, suggestion, etc. please file an issue. (Go to the "issues tab":http://github.com/jackowayed/cd-to-root/issues on the GitHub repo.) Or you can fork it and implement it yourself. Just send a pull request, and I'll probably be happy to merge it in. 

h2. License

Copyright (c) Daniel Jackoway 2009

This project is released under the MIT License. See <code>COPYING</code> for the full text. 
